I'm Tony Stark
I build neat stuff I got a great girl
and occasionally save the world
so why can't I sleep
[Music]
you elected me on a single platform
I will defend this country at all cost
the Mandarin must be stopped
you don't know who I am
you'll never see me coming
you going to do about these attacks
the whole world's gonna be watching the
question where is Tony Stark
things are different now I have to
protect the one thing that I can't live
without that's you mr. star
today is the first day
of what's left of your life
I'm gonna offer a choice do you want an
empty life or a meaningful death
you're not a man nothing more than a
maniac
I'm not afraid of you the politics here
just good old-fashioned revenge
we do need backup that's your department
there's my boys
you